this video is brought to you by fresh
books the number one cloud accounting
software for small business owners and
freelancers check them out at fresh
books comm slash Linus CES wow it's real
this is the slide from slide and joy a
product that actually got backed on
Kickstarter way back in 2015 they raised
six hundred thousand dollars and well
they haven't shipped anything yet they
are clearly still hard at work on their
product and they are clearly getting a
lot closer they're planning to ship in
spring of this year so what is the slide
well it's a triple monitor solution for
your laptop but unlike project Valarie
which we saw last year at CES from Razer
this one actually makes an ounce of
sense and is similar to what I had
suggested at the time that razors should
probably be to be practical it's a
module that actually clips on to the
back of your laptop screen then plugs in
with just one cable and enables you to
have either a triple monitor extended
desktop or with their innovative
kickstand a couple of other
configurations now they've got two
prototypes here this year a 15 inch and
a 17 inch but they're planning a 13 inch
and the weight for these things which is
one of the big questions for something
you're expected to carry around with you
is anywhere from about 1.2 kilograms to
1.9 so it actually won't weigh much more
than your laptop on its own so they've
got three different options basic is
made out of ABS and aluminum with nine
color options premium is leather
Alcantara wood or anodized aluminum and
then they're limited edition will be
available with a real carbon fiber
finish or full grain leather now setting
up the slide is actually surprisingly
easy you take the four pads and you can
put them either directly on the back of
your laptop or if you have a case like
with this macbook demo that we've got
here you can just put them on there the
kickstand can then be adjusted to
whatever angle you prefer and then
finally you plug in
as few as one cable into your laptop so
if you're using USB type-c or type a
it's just one but if you're using USB 2
you will probably need two because of
the lower power output from USB 2 now
the kickstand was a real engineering
challenge because it had to be flexible
enough to be mounted on anything from a
very thin to a very thick laptop or even
be left standing by itself when you take
your laptop with you so it can be left
flat then if you just want to take out
one of your screens and duplicate your
view for the person sitting across from
you this is great for business meetings
or consultations or it can be folded
down to help support the additional
weight of the extra screens in a multi
monitor single user configuration or
with up to 3-way sharing if you've got a
group of people that all need to be
looking at the same thing and the last
functionality it enables is because it
can stand alone you can actually get any
size of the slide and pair it with any
size laptops you could buy a 15-inch
slide with your 13-inch laptop if you
want that extra real estate when you're
docked but you just want a smaller
device when you're out and about so the
productivity implications are huge with
mobile devices getting more powerful and
more functional every year we're finally
getting to the point where the
bottleneck really is screen real estate
just like what happened on the desktop
10-15 years ago so it doesn't take a ton
of imagination to think of what you
could do extra work wise entertainment
wise with two more 1080p IPS displays so
the final ones are going to be made by
LG they're gonna run at 60 Hertz but
before you get too excited about the 60
Hertz it should be noted they're using
the USB protocol rather than DisplayPort
so I wouldn't expect to be gaming on
them with that said if they're
successful who knows what the future
will hold
so pricing goes from 350 euro for the
basic all the way up to 850 for the
limited edition and it's going to be
$100 more once they're actually shipping
but for my part I see this as being a
lot more practical than a laptop with
built in multiple displays because it
gives me the
option to just take my you know nice
light mobile device out with me or pack
an epic mobile workstation powerhouse
machine thing if let's say I needed to
get some accounting done on-the-go
FreshBooks is the cloud based accounting
solution for small business owners and
freelancers that makes your work easier
it allows you to create and send
professional-looking invoices in seconds
it allows you to set up online payments
in just a few clicks you can get paid up
to four days faster it allows you to
track your expenses and your hours and
it even lets you take your work with you
on the go whether you've got a normal
laptop ball and laptop or even just your
phone because they've got fully featured
apps for Android and iOS so go get a
free trial at the link in the video
description that's FreshBooks comm slash
linus CES so thanks for watching guys
let us know in the comments what you
imagine yourself doing with a slip slide
from slide and join if you liked this
video hit like if you just liked it hit
disliked if you really liked it then get
subscribed so you don't miss any of our
content from CES 2018